two years ago it's your store a little
hard to find Jason Bourne walked away
from his past never to look back again
but his past never stopped looking for
him
I don't want you to do this we don't
have a choice no Jason boy just popped
up in the grinning Naples he's playing
there again he's making his first
mistake they don't make mistakes on his
terms he's doing exactly what he said he
do he's coming for us
why are they still after me I don't know
you can play these games forever he's
not in front of you you can't see it
forget it he's gone
a little offense you have no idea what
you're getting into
I know you're here and they're coming
for you now how long do I have
is Jason Bourne
The Bourne Supremacy kamalani this is
Jason Bourne boy what did I say if I
even feel somebody behind I will bring
this bike to your doorstep trace it
right next to you
you